Gary was born and raised in Texas and graduated from the University of North Texas with a Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing. Fifteen years ago, Gary began working in the credit card processing industry as a Sales Representative, and later became an Independent Sales Agent. In 2013, after talking to his Regional Director at First Data about the challenges and limitations within our positions in the industry, they began discussing the possibility of starting their own company. National Payment Systems was founded out of their desire to have more direct influence over the way they do business and the impact it would have in this industry.
After serving businesses for the last 15 years Gary has developed a heart for small business owners.  After all, he is one.  Gary faces the same rewards and challenges that all small business owners experience.  He gets to spend more time with his family but also has to manage the ever changing market and expenses associated with a small business.  Gary created National Payment Systems out of a commitment to provide fair processing with integrity to an industry that has been lacking in both those areas for decades.
Gary is happily married to his wife, Kimberley and they have a wonderful daughter named Audrey. They are covenant members of the Village Church and serve as Home Group leaders and Recovery Group Coaches. Together they enjoy the outdoors, riding horses, swimming, playing with their black Lab, Dwarf Nigerian goats and Tabby cat, and spending time with family and friends.
