Stephen Hoffmeister is a graduate of The University of Texas at Dallas with a degree in Business and Public Administration. Stephen and his wife of 27 years are the proud parents of one daughter who is currently a senior in college. Since graduation he has been employed in sales and sales management including four years with John Hancock Life Insurance Company and the past 29 years in the Payments industry.
Starting in 1985 with MBank/MNet and the early introduction of electronic draft capture in the Dallas marketplace, Stephen has worked with a variety of industries including Restaurant, Retail, Petroleum and Healthcare. Meeting the needs of his clients has been a focus from the beginning with the core belief, “Take care of your customers and they will take care of you”.
The past 22 years Stephen has been in a variety of Sales Leadership roles with First Data Corporation including Area Sales Director, Territory Manager, Regional Vice President, Regional Sales Director and Regional Business Director covering territories up to 12 states. He has extensive experience developing Sales Representatives, Agent Offices and Referral Partnerships. Stephen believes being engaged with his clients in a close personal relationship allows the best of both parties to emerge and the creativity and motivation produces success. The benefits of positive client support and the resulting business developed through referral opportunities has led to several Awards for Stephen, including President’s Club recognition in 19 of the past 29 years.
National Payment Systems is providing Stephen the opportunity to use his expertise developed over the past three decades to serve His kingdom. This has ignited a desire in Stephen and a commitment to further the work of Charitable Foundations and Missionary efforts locally and across the globe.
